in seven days God created the world and
it's seven seconds I shattered my when
you sign your name you'll own my house
only ask that you never try to contact
me for any reason
believe me it is within my power to
drastically change his circumstances but
I don't want to give that man a gift
that he doesn't deserve what are you
planning to do tell me what's going on
you can't play with people's lies
why is she under the impression your
name is Ben you better leave me alone
want to keep lying to you
I haven't treated myself very well start
now to something really bad wants a no
never gonna be the same again this is
not something you do every day do what
you promised me
hello this time
[Music]